## Subtitles ##

zollerngalaxy.subtitle.iron_siren=IRON ALARM PLAYING
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.gold_siren=GOLD ALARM PLAYING
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.diamond_siren=DIAMOND ALARM PLAYING
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.emerald_siren=EMERALD ALARM PLAYING

zollerngalaxy.subtitle.grayalien.say=Gray Alien screeches
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.grayalien.hurt=Gray Alien screams in pain
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.mummy.say=Mummy grumbles about brains
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.mummy.hurt=Mummy cries in agony
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.mummy.die=Mummy dies dramatically
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.galaxyknight.say=Galaxy Knight speaks with authority
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.galaxyknight.die=Galaxy Knight dies
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.shadowalien.say=Shadow Alien groans
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.shadowalien.hurt=Shadow Alien is damaged
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.shadowalien.die=Shadow Alien is destroyed
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.spiderling.heartbeat=An egg is stirring nearby
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.krull.say=A Krull asks you to join it in darkness
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.krull.hurt=Krull screams in pain
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.krull.die=Krull gasps its final breath
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.shade.say=Shade mumbles
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.shade.hurt=Shade groans in pain
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.shade.die=Shade dies
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.wasp.say=Wasp buzzes
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.wasp.hurt=Wasp takes damage
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.wasp.die=Wasp dies
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.faceless.say=Faceless menaces at you
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.faceless.hurt=Faceless screeches in pain
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.faceless.die=Faceless dies
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.volatile.say=Volatile cries in hunger
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.volatile.hurt=Volatile is hurt
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.volatile.die=Volatile dies

zollerngalaxy.subtitle.mutate=A Zombie has mutated nearby
zollerngalaxy.subtitle.windblowing=The wind howls around you